> What needs to be discussed

- [ ] Reviewing Kirushans paragraph and understanding next steps
- [ ] Reviewing Alex's script for presentation and trying to implement it
- [ ] Reviewing Literature document for progress and remaining steps
- [ ] Understanding how the presentation will be completed (i.e. explaining that I will use adobe premiere pro to record voice, filter and add it to the presentation)
- [ ] (ben explains) Remove workspace.json at the same time on Obsidian for git fix
- [ ] 6th meeting dates



---

 TOPICS DISCUSSED:

* 

---
* 

---
* 

---
* 

---
* 
